You want to get rid of Shanshan
No, I don't agree.
Why? Because I like Shanshan?
You can't like him.
I don't care about your bee family and pure yoga
But I like to eat his cooking, you
It turns out that I just like his cooking
You startled me.
And even if you get rid of the Xuanyuan in the deep mountain, you will fly
He'll still send someone
As long as he decrees another marriage
What will happen tomorrow?
Madam is right
I was in a hurry.
Correspondence between Chunyu and Princess Leng
If it is used by someone who cares
Something will happen.
Lady Protector
Adultery
His crime deserves punishment
So serious
I'll take care of it.
But Xiaojiu's side
Are you all right?
I'm fine Xiaojiu
Princess Leng and Shanshan
Can I talk?
I promise you that you are the wife of the country now
Naturally it's your turn to handle it
Oh, really?
Don't worry.
I will never betray your trust in me.
Hey, I'm starving
Why is there no water?
How is he?
Chen Yun Shanshan